lsif-typed: Update base protocol (#29658)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_intelligence/references/lsif.md

> # LSIF Typed protocol reference

Reviewer: I just realized that this is a generated file. Could we get a comment on top

```
<!-- DO NOT EDIT DIRECTLY -->
<!-- Generated from foo/bar/blah. Regenerate using `cmd arg0 arg1 ...`. -->
```

> An index contains one or more dimensions of intelligence about a given piece
> of source code or software artifact. Complimentary dimensions can be merged
> together from multiple sources to provide a unified code intelligence
> experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An index contains one or more pieces of information about a given piece
of source code or software artifact. Complementary information can be
merged together from multiple sources to provide a unified code
intelligence experience.
```

> Programs producing a file of this format is an "indexer" and may operate
> somewhere on the spectrum between precision, such as indexes produced by
> compiler-backed indexers, and heurstics, such as indexes produced by local
> syntax-directed analysis for scope rules.

Reviewer: Simplify a bit? + grammar + spelling tweaks

```suggestion
A program producing a file of this format is an "indexer". An indexer may be
precise (e.g. a compiler-based indexer) or imprecise (e.g. a syntax-directed
indexer using scoping rules).
```
